Ambiguous description of _process() (#9084)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/first_3d_game/03.player_movement_code.rst

        }
    }

Here, instead of ``_process()``, we're going to make all calculations using the ``_physics_process()``
virtual function. It's designed specifically for physics-related code like moving a

> kinematic or rigid body. It updates the node using time intervals instead of every frame. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kinematic or rigid body. It updates the node using fixed time intervals.
```
